Good evening
I am
Yes that's about it-
I would like to introduce such a thing today
Even if it says introduction, I do not do it in detail, but buy a top crown like this
I would like to introduce that I did
It arrived from mystery
Here
High-end over Microsoft's office Oh
mac 2011
The sound will be the Student version of Student
So it ended up with me I already Hontomo Mac back
I soon
I'm wondering if this mac version of the office will try
It is the purchased entity
I wonder looks had become me this way, is it family pack
3 You can go to Mr. Mac's license .
You are not thankful
It Yet I'm very cheap of Nen'ne dam
It is large here
Well, choose 14676
How
3 pcs so
I can go there
It is stupid
Just hey
It is never used until now to Tteyuu mac version of the office
Say I bought carelessly dream feeling is want to know eyes because what feels the
There is also a place
Word Powerpoint Excel
It 's okay because you can get the power point too
Hey hey this is
I would like Tsu by Mr. three or Mac still encased Rutteyuu can put in a Mac
Just what cause or cause me too
mac mini
I recovered the other day
macbook pro
I have been using it for about 3 years since before
macbook air
It is this calculation
Is not it just right
Ne
It is not at all went so Toka make graph elaborate in so much I own the Excel in Well
Is a variety with it the but just table
If there fairly be said that we are implanted
Even a little bit mac
It of course is there
google documents
What 's the rest
There are office compatible software
I thought so
Already directly
and I thought that one is better able to edit office documents
I also wanted to try to see how much use it was.
As soon as I bought it
That's especially because I don't have to raise videos for installation work.
I do not mean to raise
This time I the time being Oh
microsoft office mac 2011
It was moving to say that it has purchased a plump degree Student's
A little bit
I will use it
I feel comfortable at home again
I think that I should be informed
So this time
I did not say that there was an open video, but I say the purchase report video very much
Thank you very much for viewing here I 'm sorry